Name: Merthan Tukus
Studentnumber: 4528300

 

My strong points are; hard-working, responsibility, and never giving up. And an example of this is that that I’m still here on this course. My teamwork abilities were shown during high school and my football career. One of my weak points is that I’m still a newbie at programming. It is an OOP project, so programming is very much needed. A core quadrant:

My learning goal is to learn more about programming during this course. Other goals for me are teamwork, and to gain knowledge about climate change. Important points for me is that everyone helps each other, and that we are respectful to each other. I’m going to work very hard for myself and for my team, and my goal is to pass this course with a high mark. 

Core Quadrant:
My core quality is that I’m a fast learner. The pitfall in this is that I sometimes can get very frustrated when I don’t understand something immediately. For me it’s a challenge to balance between sitting behind my desk and enjoying my life. And it can become an allergy when I really study for too many hours, but the fact that I’m able to do it is the reason I still regard it as my core quality.


Goal:
One of my goals is to gain knowledge about climate change. Does it actually really exist? Because I’m a kind of non-believer, and I sometimes have the people that people tend to exaggerate, and I hope to find it out during this project. Another main goal is that I really want to get better at programming. 

Reality:
My programming skills are still very basic. I have to improve on the server-client part, and also the Java frameworks are still a mystery to me. I have to study hard, and that’s a reality.

Options:
To reach my goal I’m going to sit many, many, many hours behind my desk. That’s a formula that always works. My first step is to do more research about Gitlab and SourceTree. So first I want to get a good grip on the theoretical part. While doing the mandatory tasks, off course. I also know that you learn programming by practicing, and that’s exactly what I’m going to do.

Will: 
I have a strong motivation to pass this course. I want to help my teammates, and I don’t want to freeride in any from. In the end I want to say; ‘I have learned from this course’. 


